Welcome to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.
Our mission is to develop fully devoted followers of Christ.
If you're new to the podcast, our church is going through the entire book of Psalms, and on today's episode, we're excited to have Julie Haltawanger reading Psalm 144.
I'm reading Psalms 144.
I pray, speak to the Lord, my rock, who trains my hands for war, my fingers for battle. He is my loving God and my fortress, my stronghold, my deliverer.
River, my shield and whom I take refuge, who subsides people under me.
Lord, what are human beings that you care for them?
Amir mortals?
That you think of them?
They are like breath, their days are like fleeting shadows.
Part your heavens, Lord, and come down.
Touch the mountains so they smoke. Send forth lightning and scatter the enemy. Shoot your arrows and root them.
Reach down your hand from high, deliver me and rescue me from the mighty waters.
From the hands of foreigners whose mouths are full of lies.
whose right hands are deceitful. I sing a new song to you, my God.
On this ten-stringed lyre, I will make music to you to the one who gives victory to the kings, who delivers his servant David.
From the deadly sword deliver me, rescue me from the hands of foreigners.
And his mouths are full of lies, whose right hands are deceitful.
Then our sons in their youth will be like well-nurtured plants and our daughters will be like pillars carved to adorn a palace our barns will be filled with
He filled with every kinds of provision. Our sheep were increased by thousands.
By tens of thousands in our fields, our oxygen will draw heavy loads. There will be no breaching of walls, no going into captivity, no cries of distress.
The stress in our streets.
Blessed is the people whom this is true. Blessed is the Lord's people whose God is the Lord.
A question for thought.
Does humanity lead to the greater confidence before God? When do you feel more confident before God?
And when do you feel the least?
Thank you. I hope you have a blessed day.
We hope this message was encouraging to you. If you would like this kind of content delivered directly to you, consider subscribing to our channel.
If you'd like more information about our church, please visit us on the web at canopyroads.org. And thanks for listening to the Canopy Roads Baptist Church podcast.